feat(sdk): config to control webview hardware acceleration (#119)
hCaptcha/hcaptcha-android-sdk: CHANGES.md

# Changelog

> # 3.8.3

Reviewer: Should be `3.9.0`.

> # 3.8.3
> 
> - Feature: add config to control WebView hardware acceleration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 3.9.0

- Feature: add config to control WebView hardware acceleration `HCaptchaConfig.disableHardwareAcceleration`
- Fix: removed unsafe cast with improved public api
```
